Cousin.
Like
90% similar.
My cousin hated me as a child.
This time in the palace.
Fear of wanting to collude.
The owner of my house.
But the man in the king's heart
Maybe that girl looks like the owner of my house.
So new.
The person at the top of the emperor's heart was always the eldest grandson of the late queen of Diao.
The eldest grandson.
The Queen
You are the wife of Jubilee.
So, Your Majesty.
Your Majesty, this is to replace the Great Queen.
Smart sister.
Don't you think this new replacement has arrived?
Describe the four happy
You're about to be disgraced.
This woman's pride is deep in my heart.
Let him stay in the palace.
Yes.
The people thank the king.
I congratulate the beautiful emperor.
Ms. Lihua
From now on, you will serve the king well.
All right.
Let the flower stay and serve me for lunch.
You guys back off.
I'm resigning.
Wait a minute.
Your Majesty doesn't know.
The queen is the cousin of the women.
Women have something to say to their cousins.
Cousin.
Very good.
Two girls serving a husband.
Kiss.
Why did the Queen look at the goddess like that?
I'm your sister.
Don't want to fight for the emperor with you.
If you can't get through
I've been doing it for a long time.
Princess
Let's go.
My house is leaving.
Princess